5
15
4.166666666666667
characteristics of programs for kwic and other computer-produced indexes this paper defines and discusses most of the different types of computer-produced indexes including keyword, author, corporate author, citation and conventional subject-heading indexes, also the computer input and output formats for indexes, double look-up, coden and a look at the future . computers have been used to produce many different thor, citation, source-code or report number, and even conventional subject-heading indexes . most have been /current awareness/ indexes, although a few cumulative or retrospective indexes have also been produced . this paper discusses computer input and output formats, most of the different types of computer-produced indexes, problems of double look-up, codens and a look at the future .
81
2.6666666666666665
the automated multilevel encyclopedia as a new mode of scientific communication . h. g. bohnert m. kochen the computer revolution encourages reexamination of the encyclopedia concept . no longer confined to book form, it can be enlarged to embrace several levels of condensation from a library-sized store, with updating, text preparation, access, and distribution handled differently at different levels, partially replacing, at base level, the journal system .
7
2.5
a computer oriented photo-composition system for star the system for producing nasa's scientific and technical aerospace reports, an example of computer oriented automatic photo copy setting, produces copy at three times the speed of manual operation . the discussion is limited to a punched paper tape application and does not cover aspects of a more sophisticated computer system.
9
2.5
analysis of the role of the computer in the reproduction and distribution of scientific papers j. h. kuney the american chemical society has begun an analysis of the role of the computer in related aspects of the reproduction, distribution, and retrieval of scientific information . initial work will attempt to solve problems of photocomposition via computer .
6
1.6666666666666667
a new centralized information-retrieval system for the petroleum industry including a computer search system and two manual indexes e. h. brenner b. h. weil n. e. rawson an integrated system was developed cooperatively to include a current awareness manual index, a dual dictionary, and a search tape; all three indexes are produced from a master computer tape . updating, training, and advice will be provided companies for searching the abstracts and further indexing and merging of company internal information .
